hello youtube friends here script hero
of meat commenting
on how to download and install large
5 cars for pc
if not torrent and well
they will ask you hear you have to run the
game with emulator
do not
in love control action is already coming
who was also born
why
I opened fire and
and I let it go wrong that they were not
wrong and that and just the doubles
repair
the game works and everything
that he remembered is our good cumin
the first follows the link of the
video description
give to the blog
to bend
leave it in
p.m
wait for youtube I close this
let me go
desk sorry for the slowness d
of the computer and why do you see those
things that I recorded and that
the artist xy pretty much this
I think sometimes an extra week
wait wait wait until this one
it is known
I'm fed up with this antivirus that
of this release does not make us live
this folder is going to be this
rap file that weighs very little
to extract here and in fact I managed to say
which game will weigh a little
[Music]
for what I did so that I did not think
so much the game
[Music]
I made it a little lighter
lighter everything
well once this folder is extracted that
will navigate 2.5
the rare can be extracted wherever they want
and here is going to be this folder that goes to
be the executant without icon
here is the audio the folder with audio
the audio configuration the fx reads
It was
[Music]
well I tried this game it worked for me
wonderful pity that when he recorded it goes
super super too slow and I
it is an error
he did not try to record with too many things
for example him
here is the bean folder
what does this bring
nothing
because it was not necessary to actually boil
the good weighed too much and not worried
because he
I removed the wine and it worked super
this configuration worked
is the control configuration
here are the controls I'm going to
teach
the controls when you want to see
is to know the controls of the game are going to
have to go here to this folder
and here is that xbox controls
and this side is the one we 're going to use
here
it is correct super correct
[Music]
where are these arrows
and they are hidden one of them was you can
open the phone
I do not think with what arrow but with the
down already with a peace
This joystick is Joystick
presents here is by the controls
down the X between the X
the joystick control laws and that is
the left
of pause is this is that here is
bach
that is below
the fact down right top left
and here and the same is the same nothing more than
now with the arrows on the keyboard
this is the one that is the space
this at the same time
mouse and mouse
we have good here is everything
I did well was because I did not
processed from iu or if they take it from him
is to prove an error to you
[Music]
you could see the cut of the
video
and if they cut me too she does not want
cut I hope it worked for them
that they subscribe to Milan and share well
here are the data all
and so good up to here the video
I hope you have worked super
worked that you liked the game
the graphs that have the same
graphs of big points 5 but for
xbox 360 exactly the bad part of the game
is that you can not play online
I pro it better online and
and asking that start worried to start
session in xbox live
[Music]
it's not on the device where
was the pointer is not configured
for this good
subscribe give me like
favorite winters and
next